docs: update `useAsyncData` examples to support signal for request cancellation (#2076)
nuxt/nuxt.com: content/blog/40.v4-2.md

## 🎯 Abort Control for Data Fetching

> `handler` can now access an internal signal to cancel any promise that can be canceled, such as `$fetch` ([#32531](https://github.com/nuxt/nuxt/pull/32531)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now use `AbortController` signals directly within `useAsyncData`, giving you fine-grained control over request cancellation ([#32531](https://github.com/nuxt/nuxt/pull/32531)).

This works by passing an internal signal to your `useAsyncData` `handler` to cancel any promise that can be canceled, such as `$fetch`.
```
